# Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis
## problem statement
Sentiment analysis of in the domain of micro-blogging is a relatively new research topic so there is still a lot of room for further research in this area. Decent amount of related prior work has been done on sentiment analysis of user reviews, documents, web blogs/articles and general phrase level sentiment analysis. These differ from twitter mainly because of the limit of 140 characters per tweet which forces the user to express opinion compressed in very short text. The best results reached in sentiment classification use supervised learning techniques such as Naive Bayes and Support Vector Machines, but the manual labelling required for the supervised approach is very expensive. Some work has been done on unsupervised and semi-supervised approaches, and there is a lot of room of improvement. Various researchers testing new features and classification techniques often just compare their results to base-line performance. Hate Speech in the form of racism and sexism has become a nuisance on twitter and it is important to segregate these sort of tweets from the rest. 

##  Conclusion
Nowadays, sentiment analysis or opinion mining is a hot topic in machine learning. We are still far to detect the sentiments of s corpus of texts very accurately because of the complexity in the English language and even more if we consider other languages such as Chinese.
In this project we tried to show the basic way of classifying tweets into positive or negative category using Scikit-Learn as baseline and how language models are related to the Scikit-learn and can produce better results. We could further improve our classifier by trying to extract more features from the tweets, trying different kinds of features.

dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/kazanova/sentiment140
